## MER2-160-227U3C 
> 修订 SKU1?



The MER2-160-227U3C camera is a color USB3 Vision camera with the Sony IMX273 CMOS sensor. Thanks to the compact design (29mm × 29mm × 29mm), robust metal housings and locking screw connectors, the MERCURY2 cameras can secure the reliability of cameras deployed in harsh environments. The MER2-160-227U3C camera has opto-isolated I/Os. The GPIOs give MER2-U3 cameras maximum flexibility to adapt to specific needs. The MERCURY2 family cameras are especially suitable for machine vision applications such as industrial inspection, medical, scientific research, education, security and so on.


Features
    Programmable ROI, increased frame rate with partial scan

    Gain, exposure and white balance programmable

    Support auto gain, auto exposure and auto white balance

    Four acquisition controls: Single frame acquisition/ Continuous acquisition/ Software trigger acquisition/ External trigger acquisition

    Trigger mode: Frame Start /Frame Burst Start

    Support LUTs, storable user sets, Timer and Counter

    Support Decimation, Binning, Reverse X/Y, Digital Shift and Black Level

    Adjustable Gamma for optimizing the brightness of images

    Support Light source preset, Color Transformation Control and Saturation

    Software reset function

    Support Remove Parameter Limit to expand the range of exposure, gain, white balance, and so on

    16KB data storage area for saving algorithm coefficients and parameter configuration

    Compatible with GenICam™ and USB3 Vision®, support a variety of 3rd-party software such as HALCON, MERLIC and LabVIEW

    Optimized software package for 32/64bit Windows, and support Linux, Android, ARMv7 and ARMv8

    Multiple samples and easy-to-integrate SDKs for various programming tools
    

    

   






    

   

Specifications

Resolution 	1440×1080
Frame Rate (fps) 	227
Sensor Manufacturer 	Sony
Sensor 	1/2.9" IMX273 Global shutter CMOS
Pixel Size 	3.45μm
Pixel Bit Depth 	8 bit，10 bit
Data Interface 	USB3.0
Lens Mount 	C，CS
Spectrum 	Color
Pixel Formats 	Bayer RG8，Bayer RG10
Signal Noise Ratio 	41 dB
Power Requirement 	5 VDC
Power Consumption 	< 2.7 W @ 5 VDC
Operating Temp. 	0°C ~ +45°C
Storage Temp. 	-20°C ~ +70°C
Operating Humidity 	10% ~ 80%
Dimensions (W×H×L) 	29 mm × 29 mm × 29 mm (w/o connectors)
Weight 	65 g

## 价格
...TBD


## 商谈

...TBD


